typo: ssh-keygen command (#604)
hpcugent/vsc_user_docs: mkdocs/docs/HPC/account.md

To access the clusters and transfer your files, you will use the
following commands:

> 1.  ssh-keygen: to generate the ssh keys;

Reviewer: While you're at it, make this:

```suggestion
1.  `ssh-keygen`: to generate the SSH key pair (public + private key);
```

Also use backticks below for command names
